README.md, before:

# Kitsu Client
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/kitsu-web/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/kitsu-web)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client.svg?branch=the-future)](https://travis-ci.org/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/coverage)

---
**<p align="center">This is our client repository. It contains the Ember.js application for Kitsu.<br />Check out the [tools], [mobile], [server] and [api docs] repositories.</p>**

[tools]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-tools
[server]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-server
[mobile]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-mobile
[api docs]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/api-docs

---

## Getting Started

### Installing Dependencies

* `yarn`

### Running Ember App

* `yarn start` (default port 4200)
* `yarn start --port 4201`

## Running Tests

* `yarn test` (tap reporter)
* `yarn test:ci` (dot reporter)

## Contributing

Check out the main [repo][tools] for information on setting up a development environment and contributing.

## Issues

Looking to create an issue? Open a [bug report](https://kitsu.io/feedback/bugs) or [feature request](https://kitsu.io/feedback/feature-requests) on Kitsu.

## Contributors

[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/7)

Commit message:

docs: mention crowdin translations in readme

README.md, after:

# Kitsu Client
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/kitsu-web/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/kitsu-web)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client.svg?branch=the-future)](https://travis-ci.org/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/coverage)

---
**<p align="center">This is our client repository. It contains the Ember.js application for Kitsu.<br />Check out the [tools], [mobile], [server] and [api docs] repositories.</p>**

[tools]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-tools
[server]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-server
[mobile]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-mobile
[api docs]:https://github.com/hummingbird-me/api-docs

---

## Getting Started

### Installing Dependencies

* `yarn`

### Running Ember App

* `yarn start` (default port 4200)
* `yarn start --port 4201`

## Running Tests

* `yarn test` (tap reporter)
* `yarn test:ci` (dot reporter)

## Contributing

Check out the main [repo][tools] for information on setting up a development environment and contributing.

### Translations

We use CrowdIn to handle translations, head on over to [crowdin.com/project/kitsu-web](https://crowdin.com/project/kitsu-web) to suggest changes or add new translations.

Translations use the ICU Message Syntax format. [Read the syntax documentation](https://formatjs.io/docs/icu-syntax/).

## Issues

Looking to create an issue? Open a [bug report](https://kitsu.io/feedback/bugs) or [feature request](https://kitsu.io/feedback/feature-requests) on Kitsu.

## Contributors

[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/wopian/hummingbird-me/hummingbird-client/links/7)
